Migrate llms/deployments/index.mdx page (#14134)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/llms/deployments/index.mdx

```python title="Example"
import mlflow
from langchain import LLMChain, PromptTemplate
from langchain.llms import Mlflow

llm = Mlflow(target_uri="http://127.0.0.1:5000", endpoint="completions")
llm_chain = LLMChain(
    llm=llm,
    prompt=PromptTemplate(
        input_variables=["adjective"],
        template="Tell me a {adjective} joke",
    ),
)
result = llm_chain.run(adjective="funny")
print(result)

with mlflow.start_run():
    model_info = mlflow.langchain.log_model(llm_chain, "model")

model = mlflow.pyfunc.load_model(model_info.model_uri)
print(model.predict([{"adjective": "funny"}]))
```

#### MLflow Models \{#deployments-mlflow-models}

Interfacing with MLflow Models can be done in two ways. With the use of a custom PyFunc Model, a query can be issued directly to a gateway server endpoint and used in a broader context within a model.
Data may be augmented, manipulated, or used in a mixture of experts paradigm. The other means of utilizing the MLflow AI Gateway along with MLflow Models is to define a served MLflow model directly as
an endpoint within a gateway server.

##### Using the gateway server to Query a served MLflow Model

> For a full walkthrough and example of using the MLflow serving integration to query a model directly through the MLflow AI Gateway, please see [the full example](https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/tree/master/examples/deployments/mlflow_serving/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full walkthrough and example of using the MLflow serving integration to query a model directly through the MLflow AI Gateway, please see [the full example](https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/blob/master/examples/gateway/README.md).
```

this should be the correct link

namespaces = false
```

You can specify more than one entry point in the same package if you have multiple providers.
Note that entry point names must be globally unique. If two plugins specify the same entry point name,
MLflow will raise an error at startup time.

MLflow already provides a number of providers by default. Your plugin name cannot be the same as any one
of them. See [AI Gateway server Configuration Details](#deployments-configuration-details) for a complete list of default providers.

Finally, you need to install the plugin package in the same environment as the MLflow AI Gateway.

:::warning important
Only install plugin packages from sources that you trust. Starting a server with a plugin provider will
execute any arbitrary code that is defined within the plugin package.
:::

Then, you can specify the plugin provider according to the entry point name
in the MLflow AI Gateway configuration file.

```yaml
endpoints:
  - name: chat
    endpoint_type: llm/v1/chat
    model:
      provider: my_llm
      name: my-model-0.1.2
      config:
        my_llm_api_key: $MY_LLM_API_KEY
```

### Example

A working example can be found in the MLflow repository at

> [examples/deployments/deployments_server/plugin](https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/tree/master/examples/deployments/deployments_server/plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[examples/gateway/plugin](https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/tree/master/examples/gateway/plugin).
```
